the head balance trick is really yours
practicing concentration and focus step
one first up flick the ball onto your
forehead step 2 when bringing the ball
up to your head pushing the ball with
your knees and back top tier the key to
this trick is to keep your eye on the
ball so remember to use your whole body
as a cushion and don't take your eyes
off the ball or one second the heel
juggle is great for balance and accuracy
step one first up sit down and roll onto
your back raising your feet up in the
air step two make sure you use the ball
of your foot to do the kick outs top tip
now the key to this trick is to get a
rhythm going by spinning the ball now
then remember to kick with the ball of
your foot and get into a rhythm
the back of the neck trick is great for
agility and timing step 1 block the ball
between your feet and flick it up step
to catch the ball on the back of your
neck and hold it there top tip when you
flick up the ball bend your knees to
make it go higher so remember to keep
your eyes on the ball and cushion it on
your neck see around the world trick is
good for technique and ball control step
1 start with the ball on the foot that
you use the most step 2 flick the ball
up and swing your leg around it now
repeat this move with the other leg top
tip make sure you have to get extra
height
so remember to cushion the ball before
you flick it back up and make sure you
lift your leg time this drink is good
for ball control and will also impress
your mates step one put the ball up and
catch it on the back of your next step
to slowly move to the press up position
and work those biceps step 3 throw the
ball down you back and traffic to your
leg
so take your time break down the trick
and practice domination straight into
speech all right here we go this minute
I'll tell you how amazing it easy that
guy's the kiss cyclades keep their eye
on the ball mate stigmatism yeah as a
practice I think I kind of
you